House O' Flavor Instructions
Made by Ethan Phan and Vinhan Truong 

INSTRUCTIONS:
House o’ Flavor is a 2-player, cooperative cooking game, 
where two chefs work in a pizza parlor to complete orders. 
Chefs must gather ingredients, such as dough, cheese, 
tomatoes, sausages, and mushrooms, then chop and assemble 
them. However, tomatoes, after being chopped, 
must be cooked in a pan first to turn them into tomato sauce. 
After the pizza is assembled, bake it in the oven, place it 
on a plate, then deliver within the time limit. You earn 
coins based on how fast you deliver and how difficult the order is.

To run the project, run the exe file from https://tinyurl.com/hof-download or HOFDriver.java

CONTROLS:
In the menus, everything except the character selection screen is point-and-click. 
Once you get to actual game however, here are the controls.
These controls are also listed in game in the CONTROLS menu.
Player 1:
-  WASD - moving
-  Shift - Chop/Wash
-  Ctrl - Dash
-  E - Interact

Player 2:
-  IJKL (alternative: arrow keys) - moving
-  [ - Chop/Wash
-  B (alternative: P) - Dash
-  O - Interact

escape - pause game (can be done when inside a level)

BASIC STRATEGY:
Since the ingredients and various tasks are scattered around the kitchen, 
it's good to designate tasks to try to limit the amount of time walking 
around aimlessly or wasting time running to get something. Here are some 
various tasks (in the suggested order that they should be completed):
- Grabbing ingredients
- Chopping ingredients
- Cooking tomatoes
- Washing dishes
- Constructing the pizza
- Placing the pizzas in the oven
- Delivering the baked pizzas

To retrieve ingredients, use the INTERACT key while looking at an
ingredient drawer. This will place the item in your hand, use the same INTERACT
key to drop, pick up, or combine items. 

To chop ingredients, repeatedly click the "chop" key (SHIFT or [)
while the ingredient is on a chopping board. The number represents how
many more times the ingredient needs to be chopped.

To cook tomatoes, place the chopped tomatoes into a pan, then place 
the pan onto the burner. The tomatoes will start cooking, and are finished
cooking when the green bar is complete.

To wash plates, bring the dirty plates to the sink, then use the wash
key (SHIFT or [). Clean plates will appear next to the sink.

To construct the pizza, place chopped (or cooked) ingredients on top of each other.
They will combine automatically. Careful not to make pizzas that you don't need!
If you make a mistake, there is a green trash can in every level.

Pick up the pizza using the INTERACT key, then drop it inside the 
oven. The pizza will start cooking automatically, and will be 
finished when the loading bar lights up green.

Pick up the pizza once it is finished cooking. Get it onto a plate, then
deliver as fast as you can to the hungry customers for points!

Watch out for the timers on the right side of the screen! You must fulfill order
before the loading bar goes all the way down, causing you to lose points.